Okay guys, what have we got in front of us?
Roundabout.
A roundabout.
In a moment, we're going to come riding up here,
and we are going to turn right and go round the roundabout.
Okay. Do you know which direction
the traffic is coming from?
If you have a look, you can see.
From the right?
From the right.
Okay. So which way is it going?
Clockwise.
Clockwise. Brilliant.
Do you think it's a good idea,
when you go round a roundabout,
to be in the "pass me" position near the curbside?
Or do you think it's a good idea
to be in the "follow me" position
in the middle of your lanes?
"Follow me".
Yeah. Be in the middle of your lane
so you are in control of your lane.
Okay. Do we need to do any signalling?
Do we signal for the exit?
Do you signal for the exit?
If there's a car there, yeah.
Have a good look around
and signal it if there's a car there, okay?
And then get your hands back on the handlebar
before you make the turn.
So make the signal nice and early,
and then that lets other road users know
which way you are going to go as well.
Everybody feeling comfortable about it?
Yeah.
So just "follow me" position all the way around.
Okay. Should we write it together as a group first?
Yeah, let's do it.
Excellent. Brilliant.
Okay, let's go.